welcome to loki episode 3 crammed
before deploying the time bombs female
loki had extracted the time keeper's
location by implanting herself inception
style into the memories of hunter c20
and quitting her over some margaritas as
friends and stepping straight back into
the tva she's almost made her way to
their elevator
before our loki catches up and tries to
get a read on whether or not they could
work together
but they're met by mobius boss judge
renslayer who is happy to erase for both
of them
in one go causing loki to use the
doorway temp pad for a quick exit across
time and space managing to land them on
a pre-apocalyptic planet of lamentis
one a palmer violet that's soon
to be destroyed by its own moon
but the temp pad has run out of power
and loki needs his variant other half to
juice it back up
she in fact calls herself sylvie and
realizes she can't use her enchantment
to control
our loki who's keeping hold of the
device they rub each other the wrong way
for a bit
before she explains that he's just
interrupted a plan
that was years in the making so seeking
a power source they head out to the
nearest town
where loki is surprised to learn she was
going to tear down the tva
and just walk away instead of filling
the power vacuum with something like his
own leadership
in their place silvie is more of a brute
force type of girl while loki prefers
cunning and guile where possible
but despite a couple of blastings they
at least hear about a planetary escape
ship that should have the energy source
needed to repower the pad
so they sneak their way onto a train to
the ark with a mix of deception
and enchantment to get on board and once
settled into first class
they take a moment to compare past
sylvie has always known she was adopted
and taught herself the enchantment
ability to enter minds and control them
whereas loki had fought himself in
asgardian for most of his life
but had learned powerful magic from his
mother they also confirmed they're both
bi
but don't seem to have ever found true
love without much else to do on the trip
loki has a few drinks and a sing-song
which calls the attention of the trained
security
leading to a fight where he's not
totally sober and eventually thrown out
of a window
forcing sylvie to join him for the sake
of the temp pad
but it got destroyed in his tumble
seriously pissing her
off according to the sacred timeline
nothing made it off lamentis 1 before it
was destroyed but they planned to change
that by making sure the ark escaped
successfully this time with them on
board
on the way silvie explains how
enchanting hunter c20 was more
troublesome than some
because her mind had been clouded making
her reach far back into her memories as
a human
before she became a tva agent which
surprises loki because nobody in the tva
thinks they even existed before the
timekeepers created them it looks like
all the tva
agents are former timeline variants with
their memories blocked
so they make it into the town that looks
like a laser quest arena nightmare
and head for the ark but debris from the
moon is causing chaos and destruction
everywhere and the whole place is coming
down around them with the loki's both
managing to stick together
thanks to their both being highly
capable and also because loki's actual
magic powers are no joke when he's
keeping focused but
in the middle of the destructive chaos
the ark escape ship is destroyed before
they can reach it
oh my god so thanks a lot for watching
and hit that subscribe button you lovely
variants
i'll see you next time and take care